about/index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About the Jekyll Theme
excerpt: "So Simple is a responsive Jekyll theme for your words and images."
modified: 2014-08-08T19:44:38.564948-04:00
image:
  feature: so-simple-sample-image-4.jpg
  credit: WeGraphics
  creditlink: http://wegraphics.net/downloads/free-ultimate-blurred-background-pack/
---

Looking for a simple, responsive, theme for your Jekyll powered blog? Well look no further. Here be **So Simple Theme**, the follow up to [**Minimal Mistakes**](http://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes) --- by designer slash illustrator [Michael Rose](http://mademistakes.com).

## So Simple Theme is all about:

* Responsive templates. Looking good on mobile, tablet, and desktop.
* Gracefully degrading in older browsers. Compatible with Internet Explorer 9+ and all modern browsers.
* Minimal embellishments and subtle animations.
* Optional large feature images for posts and pages.
* [Custom 404 page]({{ site.url }}/404.html) to get you started.
* [Simple site search](https://github.com/christian-fei/Simple-Jekyll-Search)
* Support for Disqus Comments

<a markdown="0" href="{{ site.url }}/theme-setup" class="btn">Install So Simple Theme</a>

[^1]: Example: *domain.com/category-name/post-title*

Commit message:

Update website with new content and format

about/index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About me and this site
excerpt: "Keep learning and improving."
modified: 2019-07-27
image:
  feature: about-background.jpg
  credit: WeGraphics
  creditlink: http://wegraphics.net/downloads/free-ultimate-blurred-background-pack/
---

Hi there! I am a research engineer with a Ph.D. in aerospace engineering, working on structural mechanics/structural health monitoring. Without a degree in CS, I managed to acquire abundant CS knowledge and made myself acquaint with skills in compiling/installing open-source codes. 

When I was learning these, I really wish that out there there is a site hosting tutorials/knowledge about general open-source knowledge, and mostly importantly, how to solve issues that always unexpectedly popup during compiling. So I started this site around October 2018 for the purpose to make lives easier for beginners to embark on the open-source journey. 

<!-- Looking for a simple, responsive, theme for your Jekyll powered blog? Well look no further. Here be **So Simple Theme**, the follow up to [**Minimal Mistakes**](http://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes) --- by designer slash illustrator [Michael Rose](http://mademistakes.com).

## So Simple Theme is all about:

* Responsive templates. Looking good on mobile, tablet, and desktop.
* Gracefully degrading in older browsers. Compatible with Internet Explorer 9+ and all modern browsers.
* Minimal embellishments and subtle animations.
* Optional large feature images for posts and pages.
* [Custom 404 page]({{ site.url }}/404.html) to get you started.
* [Simple site search](https://github.com/christian-fei/Simple-Jekyll-Search)
* Support for Disqus Comments

<!-- // button -->
<!-- <a markdown="0" href="{{ site.url }}/theme-setup" class="btn">Install So Simple Theme</a> -->

[^1]: Example: *domain.com/category-name/post-title* -->
